Manifera | Experienced, Reliable Software Development Teams
Our Services
Offshore Software Development Teams
Custom Made Solutions
Mobile app development
Web app development
Webshop/eCommerce Developments
Migration to NL/Euro Cloud
Portfolio
About Us
About Us
Our Way Of Working
Setting Up Your Team
Technologies
Careers
Blog
Contact
Our Services
Offshore Software Development Teams
Custom Made Solutions
Mobile app development
Web app development
Webshop/eCommerce Developments
Migration to NL/Euro Cloud
Portfolio
About Us
About Us
Our Way Of Working
Setting Up Your Team
Technologies
Careers
Blog
Contact
YOUR DEDICATED
Remote Software
Development Team
Scale up your Software Development capacity in a flexible and cost-effective way!
International fusion of many cultures
WINNER
of United Nations
PFIF Challenge
Software
Specialist in
Laravel / PHP
Magento
Native / Hybrid Mobile apps
DevOps
WINNER
of Singapore's IMDA,
Open Innovation Challenge
AI and how does AI help you
AI assisted development
At Manifera our experienced software developers are using AI during software development and are able to speed up development times significantly whereby our longtime software development experience makes sure that the quality of our deliverables are still at a high level. We are using AI in in alignment with our clients and if requested we can use local AI models, avoiding any information ending up in public AI models (LLMs).
AI solutions
At Manifera AI is also used within the web- and mobile applications, as part of the solution for various business cases. By using AI as part of the solution we are able to provide even more efficient solutions and optimize your internal/external processes even further. Share with us your business case to discuss further.
01
DEDICATED REMOTE TEAMS
Remote software development teams
Providing you with your dedicated team of experienced software developers. Increasing your development capacity in a flexible and cost-effective way with our team of highly skilled and motivated engineers.
Help me grow
02
CUSTOM SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Custom-made solutions
Creating and developing your software application, based on your requirements and ideas to fulfill your specific business needs. From UI/UX design, via development all the way to deployment and Service and Maintenance, we take care of the whole cycle.
Build my product
Experiences of our clients working with us
Some of our Clients and Partners
Your use case
Looking for..
...extra Software Developer(s) for a few months, around 20 to 40 hours per week.
Peter Blanchard
Development Manager
...a project team to develop your bespoke web or mobile application
Chris Mayor
CTO
....your team of Software Developers for the long run, with or without Quality Engineers and a Project Manager.
Alice de Lange
Project Manager
...DevOps engineer(s) to keep your SaaS or software system operational and up to date.
Michael Hamilton
Co-founder
Talk to us about your use case!
Our awards
Winner of United Nation’s UNDP Pacific-ASEAN Financial Innovation Challenge
Winner of Singapore’s IMDA, Infocomm Media Development Authority SGD Open Innovation Platform
160
Applications
30
Experts and growing
9
Years in Operation
120
Global clients
What our clients say
We were looking for a
software development company
who could help us
develop a client registration system
, which needed to be up and running within just a few weeks. Via a contact I was
connected to Herre Roelevink of Manifera Software Development
. And after a good and friendly meetup with Herre (a nice and good lunch), we went for the next steps with the Manifera team. And we were very positively surprised by the proactive approach,
the Intuitive UI/UX design and the speed of development by the Manifera team
. We went live with the client registration system as planned before the planned date!
Berend van Geffen
Director
“Manifera has been a great partner in developing our internal application to track our install base. They do more than just build the application—they also give helpful advice and support on related processes. Their team is professional, skilled, and very engaged, making it easy to work with them. We appreciate their dedication and would highly recommend Manifera."
Vincent Koster
IT Manager
“
Vodafone Fiji
selected
Manifera Software Development Pte. Ltd.
in Singapore and signed up an agreement to deploy a very important piece of our Digital Commerce Journey to develop and bring to live an Online Market Place. So coupled with the expertise of both the Manifera and the Vodafone teams, and using some state of the art tools like Magento and Vodafone Fiji’s Cloud Architecture we launched www.vitikart.com.fj very successfully. It was efficient and productive to work with the Manifera Project team and their technical skills in eCommerce development and software development showed!”
Rizvi Amith
Manager Digital Business at Vodafone
"We selected Manifera to implement the front end of our fleet management platform. They did an excellent job! What made this job extra special is the deep collaboration during the project, as we were building the back-end in parallel to Manifera building the front-end.
The technical discussions were of high quality and truly collaborative to create the best back-end/front-end interaction. It felt as if the Manifera developers were our own employees."
Paul Booij
Cofounder and CTO MO Batteries
"We chose Manifera as our dedicated development partner for the Statler BI platform, and they have exceeded our expectations. Their skilled developers collaborate with us directly, ensuring smooth and effective communication.
The technical discussions are highly insightful and truly collaborative, helping us develop and maintain our application efficiently. Working with Manifera feels like having our own in-house development team."
Maarten Diepenmaat
Cofounder
“Manifera were really great from start to finish. Providing
needed and helpful advice early
at the concept stage over a cup of coffee face to face or virtually when needed for follow up questions. This really helped to guide us on the main options to consider when embarking on the development of our eco sustainable
home services platform
business.
The support continued right through to providing us with the flexibility of options to take on all or just the parts we needed."
Dan Radley
Founder/Director Upkeepa
“The first project with Manifera was a good experience. Not only the technical outcome was of good quality, but more important for building a long-lasting partnership, the natural, flexible and solution driven communication between the teams was much better than expected. So, sufficient reasons to strengthen the collaboration with Manifera for the next projects to realize our social impact together.”
Mark van Staalduinen
Founder and Director
“We developed our first MVP application with Manifera in Vietnam enabling farmers to purchase agricultural inputs from our platform Kilimo. We were satisfied with the end result and the processes to get there. Timelines were met according to plan and the team is highly knowledgeable. The remote development team understood the context we are operating in very well, and the cost structure was very friendly. I can highly recommend working with Manifera!”
Arnold Tijdens
Founder and CEO at Kilimo
“
EuroCham
has been working with Manifera for many years now beginning with the redesign and relaunching of our website
www.eurcham.org.sg
. Herre and his team at Manifera have been very easy to work with, always available and eager to assist with resolving our IT issues. We continue to use Manifera to support our day-to-day IT needs and highly recommend their services.”
Nele Cornelis
Executive Director, EuroCham
“
The Holland Innovation Network in Singapore
is very happy with the weblog Holland Innovation Network, designed and developed by Manifera. It was a pleasant collaboration with clear communication. Manifera has proven to be a reliable company with proactive professionals thinking along."
Elsbeth Nijhuis
Project Manager Innovation
“I contracted Manifera to build my website www.joiceofcooking.com, whereas UX/UI design was essentially provided by me. Manifera delivered the project on time and in high quality (despite my numerous change requests). I’ve found them to be extremely professional, customer-friendly and a great partner."
Susanna Hasenoehrl
CEO and Founder Joice of Cooking
“The guys at Manifera do a really good job. We’re glad we decided to work with Herre and his great team. We from
Cybermarqt
look forward to continuing working with Manifera in the future.”
Saida van Kalsbeek
Founder, Cybermarqt
Previous
Next
Looking for a reliable partner?
Let's explore how we can help you in a trustworthy and long term way!
Feel free to fill in the contact form for more information or a question, and we will contact you within one working day.
What is 9 + 2 ?
Answer for 9 + 2
Δ
OUR SERVICES
Offshore Software Development Teams
Custom Software Development
Web Shops / eCommerce
ABOUT US
About Our Company
Our way of working
Setting up your team
Technologies
Careers
CONTACT INFO
NETHERLANDS
Herengracht 420, 1017 BZ Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
SINGAPORE
100 Tras Street #16-01 100 AM Singapore 079027.
VIETNAM
Floor 11, Block C, 10 Pho Quang Street, Tan Son Hoa Ward, Ho Chi Minh City.
Contact us at
Contact Form
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2026 – Manifera Software Development Pte. Ltd.